I don’t understand what you’re saying
Stop pretending
I clearly saw you at the hotel
Isn’t the scandal big enough for you?
Director, bad news
The TV station entrance
is surrounded by reporters
Mr. Duan, Ms. Su
Is what aired in the livestream
true?
What’s your relationship now?
Please listen to me
Things aren’t
like they appear
Didn’t you love your wife very much?
Why did you cheat while she’s in prison?
Ms. Su Man
Why did you
appear in a hotel
with your best friend’s husband?
Please answer us
Uh...
We...
Haven’t called enough reporters yet
It’s fine
But
what’s the deal with Lin Hao?
Big sis was too careless
That Lin Hao
has been following you for days
You didn’t notice?
Jin
Investigate the guy in the cap
Keep a close eye on him
Don’t let him get close to the eldest lady
Understood
He really does know my sister
But
he really is mentally unstable
You’re following me too?
It’s all because of Madam Wen
You think I’m doing this willingly?
I’m leaving
Please don’t dodge our questions
All of Jiang City’s viewers
are waiting for your response
I really...
I divorced my wife a long time ago
Still enough to destroy our reputation